ACT 2 Services

 
        Disclaimer


    The information contained on www.act2services.net is for general information purposes only.
ACT 2 Services assumes no responsibility for errors or omissions in the contents of the www.act2services.net.
    In no event shall the ACT 2 Services be liable for any special, direct, indirect, consequential, or incidental damages or any damages whatsoever, whether in an action of contract, negligence, or other tort, arising out of or in connection and contents with the use of our website. ACT 2 Services reserves the right to make additions, deletions, or modifications to the contents on the www.act2services.net at any time without prior notice.
    ACT 2 Services does not warrant that the Www.act2services.net is free of viruses or other harmful components.

External Links Disclaimer
    www.act2services.net may contain links to external websites that are not provided or maintained by or in any way affiliated with ACT 2 Services.
    Please note that ACT 2 Services does not guarantee the accuracy, relevance, timeliness, or completeness of any information on these external websites.

Errors and Omissions Disclaimer
    The information given by www.act2services.net is for general guidance on matters of interest only. Even if ACT 2 Services takes every precaution to ensure that the content of the www.act2services.net is both current and accurate, errors can occur. Plus, given the changing nature of laws, rules and regulations, there may be delays, omissions or inaccuracies in the information contained on the www.act2services.net 
    ACT 2 Services is not responsible for any errors or omissions, or for the results obtained from the use of this information.

Fair Use Disclaimer
    ACT 2 Services may use copyrighted material which has not always been specifically authorized by the copyright owner. ACT 2 Services is making such material available for criticism, comment, news reporting, teaching, scholarship, or research.
    ACT 2 Services believes this constitutes a “fair use” of any such copyrighted material as provided for in section 107 of the United States Copyright law.
    If You wish to use copyrighted material from the www.act2services.net for your own purposes that go beyond fair use, You must obtain permission from the copyright owner.

Views Expressed Disclaimer
    www.act2services.net may contain views and opinions which are those of the authors and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of any other author, agency, organization, employer, or company owner
    Comments published by users are their sole responsibility and the users will take full responsibility, liability and blame for any libel or litigation that results from something written in or as a direct result of something written in a comment. ACT 2 Services is not liable for any comment published by users and reserve the right to delete any comment for any reason whatsoever.

No Responsibility Disclaimer
    The information on the www.act2services.net is provided with the understanding that ACT 2 Services is not herein engaged in rendering legal, accounting, tax, or other professional advice and www.act2services.net As such, it should not be used as a substitute for consultation with professional accounting, tax, legal or other competent advisers.
    In no event shall ACT 2 Services or its suppliers be liable for any special, incidental, indirect, or consequential damages whatsoever arising out of or in connection with your access or use or inability to access or use the Www.act2services.net

“Use at Your Own Risk” Disclaimer
    All information in the www.act2services.net is provided “as is”, with no guarantee of completeness, accuracy, timeliness or of the results obtained from the use of this information, and without warranty of any kind, express or implied, including, but not limited to warranties of performance, merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose.
    ACT 2 Services will not be liable to You or anyone else for any decision made or action taken in reliance on the information given by the Www.act2services.net or for any consequential, special or similar damages, even if advised of the possibility of such damages.



Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Disclaimer, you may reach us through the following:

By phone number: +1 (415)468-2220
By email: customerservice@act2services.net

Last updated: August 30, 2021
